Dear Ms. Christy ,  

 

Welcome to the 10th annual Edtech x Indian Education Congress 2020 scheduled for the 26th of February at Taj Yeshwantpur, Bengaluru.

 

Edtech x Indian Education Congress  (IEC) is an annual cerebral confluence joined by the leading Industry Experts, Wisdom Stalwarts, Global Pioneers and Tech Edupreneurs who would collectively rediscover the Indian Education sector’s growth paths. It is the place where the whole fraternity comes closer on the pitch where the spectacular journeys begins.

India’s most premium gathering of the education community awaits. 400+ leading companies, 50+ exciting new EdTech start-ups. We’ve made some exciting changes following your feedback so IEC 2020 simply cannot be missed this year.

 

Why attend Edtech x Indian Education Congress 2020

 

v  New theme. New city. New agenda

v  Be dazzled the by the latest Edtech innovations from across the country

v  Over 8 hours of content, knowledge and peer to peer networking

v  Meet thought leaders of the education industry

v  Attend the new sessions and unmissable topics

v  New content. New speakers

v  10 years of credibility and thorough research in the industry

 

KEY TAKEAWAYS:

 

v  The Future of Education

v  AI's Future Role For Education

v  How Edtech Is Enabling education for ALL

v  Government initiatives for changing the module of education

v  Defining The Emerging Trends In EdTech

 

For Conference Agenda , Kindly Visit - https://www.educationcongress.org/conference_agenda.php

 

SOME OF OUR PREVIOUS SPEAKERS;-

 

v  Dr. Pathik Pathak , Faculty Director, University Of Southampton

v  Prof. Anil D Sahasrabudhe, Chairman, AICTE

v  Bani Dhawan, Head - Education, Google India

v  Dr. Biswajit Saha, Director, Central Board of Secondary Education

v  AMITABH MATTOO , HONORARY DIRECTOR , AUSTRALIA INDIA INSTITUTE
v  MARIO FISHERY , DIRECTOR - TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT, AMERICAN SCHOOL OF BOMBAY
v  Shri Anil Swarup,Hon'ble Secretary, Department of School Education & Literacy, MHRD, GOI

v  Maurice de Hond ,Founder & Chief Executive Officer ,Steve Jobs School

v  Dr. Kamani K K , Professer, Department of Higher Education Govt. of Karnataka India

v  Mr. Shiv Khera , Founder of Qualified Learning Systems , USA

v  Dr. Hari Krishna Maram ,Chairman & CEO, Imperial College

v  Prof. Ram Shankar Katheria , Hon'ble Minister of State, Ministry of HRD (Higher Education) Govt. of India

v  Navin Mittal , Commissioner of Collegiate Education, Government of Telangana

v  Smt. Anju Sharma , Principal Secretary (Higher & Technical Education), Government of Gujarat

v  Prof. Christopher Abraham , CEO&Head, Senior Vice President-institutional dev & professor, S.P Jain school of global management , Dubai Campus

v  Prof. V. Ramgopal Rao, Director, IIT, Delhi

v  Gyula Csitári , Co-founder & Strategy Director, Logiscool

v  Mrs. R. Meenakshi , Director R&D, Vels International School & many more …..

 

DELEGATE REGISTRATION PACKAGES ::

 

PACKAGE

DISCOUNTED PRICE

EARLY BIRD OFFER

Rs. 6,000/- + GST PER DELEGATE

(Valid till 8th Jan) 

 

 

 

 

REGULAR PACKAGE

Rs. 15,000/- + GST PER DELEGATE

(Valid till 25th FEBRUARY)

 

To attend Awards night- Add 5000 to any of the above packages

 

REGULAR PACKAGE INCLUDES

Conference Access, Exhibition Visit, Networking Opportunity with Key Speakers, Investors & Delegates, Networking Lunch, Tea/Coffee

Award  PACKAGE INCLUDES

Conference Access, Exhibition Visit, Networking Opportunity with Key Speakers, Investors & Delegates, Networking Lunch, Tea/Coffee, Guest Pass to attend Restaurant India Awards 2020

Followed with Dinner & Cocktail

GST 18% APPLICABLE

 

Awards Overview:-
Edupreneurs Guild-Honouring the Trailblazers
"Power of Winning is in Doing Great Things"
There are day dreamers and there are night dreamers, but on top of all there is a league of extraordinary people who action those dreams simultaneously while restlessly dedicating their lives to make Education a promising value proposition. The 10th Indian Education Awards is a distinguished gesture to honour those phenomenal people whose heart wrenching stories are etched inside every individuals mind across the regions, education segments or people they touched upon.

Harnessing the power of winning hearts has been the core vision behind Indian Education Awards 2020, which indeed is in sync with the physical state of any idea that has the remarkable bandwidth to unlock the change among the industry and across allied communities. For us it is indeed a pleasure to bring such unsung heroes to limelight every year consecutively. We would also like to thank our partners and sponsors who believed and equally share the pride with us to make the ceremony even more sparkling one.

Benefits of applying for the Awards
Indian Education Awards are the most prestigious awards that recognize excellence in education sector. Awardees will receive national recognition and will be termed as best education entities in the country. The winners will be awarded a trophy or a plaque. The award winners will receive extensive media coverage and PR with the partners. Such an achievement & recognition have, according to our Award recipients, translated into further success in the education business.

Nomination and Evaluation
v  Each applicant would be required to fill in a Self-Nomination form and send it to us by 2nd February, 2020

v  Only companies, firms or businesses registered and based in India can apply

v  Any organization/individual from education/allied sector can apply. Each applicant can apply for one or multiple categories, except the ones which states 'Jury nomination'

v  Self- nomination forms should be sent along with the prescribed fee to Franchise India. The nominees in each category will be presented to the final jury for determination of winners

v  Information received will be treated confidential and not used for any purpose except for determining the winner of the awards

v  Incomplete questionnaire in any manner will disqualify a participant from participating in the awards

v  Right to permit participation is reserved with the Awards management.

v  Under no circumstances the nomination fee will be refunded.

v  Nomination Fee Rs.15,000/- + GST PER CATEGORY

v  PFA THE AWARD NOMINATION CATEGORY SHEET, KINDLY SELECT THE CATEGORY & SHARE THE SAME WITH US.

 

To Register, kindly process with the followings:

 

Payment Options:

 

ü  Account Transfers in HDFC Bank

HDFC Branch - B-54a,Grater Kailash-1,New Delhi
A/c Name – Franchise India Holdings Limited.
Account No.-  00922050003145,
RTGS / IFSC CODE  : HDFC0000092
MICR code = 110240010
Timings – 10:00 AM – 3:30 PM (Cash/ Cheque/ Demand Draft)
 

ü  By Cheque / Demand Draft

 

Cheque/ Demand Draft should be in favor of “Franchise India Holdings Limited”

 

ü    Online through Credit Card / Debit Card :

 

For Visa / Master Card: http://www.franchiseindia.com/payment-gateway.php

 

 

 

For any further assistance or registration, kindly contact VIKAS on 7290037182 or email your query at svikas@franchiseindia.net .

                                                                                                                                                                                          

I look forward to your positive feedback and welcoming you Edtech x Indian Education Congress 2020.

 

 

Thanks & Regards,

 

Thanks & Regards,

Vikas Sharma | Conference

Franchise India Holdings Ltd.

411-415,  4th & 5th Floor, Charmwood Plaza, Eros Garden, Charmwood Village,

SurajKund Road, Faridabad - 121009

M: +91 7290037182 ,  

Website: www.franchiseindia.com